Add sponsors section to README (#3010)
scala-native/scala-native: README.md

Scala Native is distributed under the Apache License.
[See LICENSE.md for details](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

## Sponsors

[<img src="https://www.epfl.ch/wp/5.5/wp-content/themes/wp-theme-2018/assets/svg/epfl-logo.svg?refresh=now" width=200>][EPFL-Link]

> [The École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL)][EPFL-Link] and [LAMP][EPFL_LAMP-Link] are founding development of Scala Native as a part Martin Odersky's research program of [Capatibilies for Resources and Effects (Caprese)][Caprese-Link] in Scala.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL)][EPFL-Link] and [LAMP][EPFL_LAMP-Link] are funding the development of Scala Native as part of Martin Odersky's research program for [Capatibilies for Resources and Effects (Caprese)][Caprese-Link] in Scala.
```

Reviewer 2: Capatibilities --> Capabilities
research program for --> research programme on
